Rules for proper usage

When you use any of our Brand Features, you must always follow our “Rules for Proper Usage” below.

If Google provides written requirements (size, typeface, colors, etc.) to you at the time of our approval, you must implement them before using our Brand Features. If we provide these requirements to you after we initially gave our permission, you must implement them within a commercially reasonable timeframe.
Google trademark “Do’s”:

    Distinguish the trademark from the surrounding text in some way. Capitalize the first letter, capitalize or italicize the entire mark, place the mark in quotes, use a different type style or font for the mark than for the generic name.
    Spell and capitalize the trademark exactly as they are shown in the Google Trademarks List (https://about.google/brand-resource-center/trademark-list/).
    Use the trademark only as an adjective, never as a noun or verb, and never in the plural or possessive form.
    Use the generic term for the product following the trademark, for example: GOOGLE search engine, Google search, GOOGLE web search.
    Use only Google-approved artwork when using Google’s logos.
    Maintain a minimum spacing of 25 pixels between each side of the logo and other graphic or textual elements on your web page.

Google Brand Features “Don’ts”:

    Don’t remove, distort or alter any element of a Google Brand Feature. That includes modifying a Google trademark, for example, through hyphenation, combination or abbreviation, such as: Googliscious, Googlyoogly, GaGooglemania. Do not shorten, abbreviate, or create acronyms out of Google trademarks.
    Don’t display a Google Brand Feature as the most prominent element on your web page.
    Don’t display a Google Brand Feature in any manner that implies a relationship or affiliation with, sponsorship, or endorsement by Google, or that can be reasonably interpreted to suggest editorial content has been authored by, or represents the views or opinions of Google or Google personnel (this includes listing Google or the Google Logo to indicate partnership, affiliation, or sponsorship).
    Don’t display a Google Brand Feature on any website that contains or displays adult content, promotes gambling, involves the sale of tobacco or alcohol to persons under twenty-one years of age, or otherwise violates applicable law.
    Don’t display a Google Brand Feature in a manner that is in Google’s sole opinion misleading, unfair, defamatory, infringing, libelous, disparaging, obscene or otherwise objectionable to Google (this is in no way meant to discourage criticism, opinion, or commentary).
    Don’t display a Google Brand Feature on a site that violates any law or regulation.
    Don’t frame or mirror any Google page (including the page that appears in response to a click on the Google logo or Google search box).
    Don’t incorporate Google Brand Features into your own product name, service names, trademarks, logos, or company names.
    Don’t copy or imitate Google’s trade dress, including the look and feel of Google web design properties or Google brand packaging, distinctive color combinations, typography, graphic designs, product icons, or imagery associated with Google.
    Don’t adopt marks, logos, slogans, or designs that are confusingly similar to our Brand Features.
    Don’t use or register Google trademarks as or incorporated in social media account names, profiles, or monikers.
    Don’t register Google trademarks as second or third level domain names.
    Don’t use Google trademarks in a way that suggests a common, descriptive, or generic meaning.
    Don’t use the registration symbol (®) in connection with marks in countries where our marks have not been registered. Trademark rights vary from country to country.

